Variable_PyCpp Despacito

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp respirar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cuello
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp despacito

Variable_PyCpp Deja
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp te
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp diga
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cosas
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp al
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp o
validChar Ã
validChar ­
Variable_PyCpp do

Variable_PyCpp Para
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp te
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp acuerdes
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp si
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp no
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp est
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp s
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp conmigo

Variable_PyCpp Despacito

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp desnudarte
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp besos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp despacito

Variable_PyCpp Firmar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp las
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp paredes
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp laberinto

Variable_PyCpp Y
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp hacer
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cuerpo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp todo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp un
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp manuscrito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp sube
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sube
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sube
Closed_Parentheses )

Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp Sube
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sube
Closed_Parentheses )
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp Oh

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ver
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp bailar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pelo

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ser
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ritmo
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp le
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ense
validChar Ã
validChar ±
Variable_PyCpp es
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp mi
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp boca
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp lugares
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp baby
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp D
validChar Ã
validChar ©
Variable_PyCpp jame
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sobrepasar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp zonas
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp peligro
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Hasta
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp provocar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp gritos
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Y
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp olvides
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp apellido
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp dirididi
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp Daddy
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Yo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp s
validChar Ã
validChar ©
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp est
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp s
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pens
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp ndolo
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp eh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Llevo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tiempo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp intent
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp ndolo
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp eh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Mami
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp esto
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp es
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp dando
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp y
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp d
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp ndolo

Variable_PyCpp Sabes
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp coraz
validChar Ã
validChar ³
Variable_PyCpp n
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp conmigo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp te
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp hace
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp bam
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp bam

Variable_PyCpp Sabe
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp esa
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp beba
validChar  
validChar '
Variable_PyCpp t
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp buscando
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp mi
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp bam
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp bam

Variable_PyCpp Ven
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp prueba
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp mi
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp boca
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp para
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ver
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp c
validChar Ã
validChar ³
Variable_PyCpp mo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp te
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sabe

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp quiero
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ver
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cu
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp nto
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp amor
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ti
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp te
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cabe

Variable_PyCpp Yo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp no
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tengo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp prisa
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp yo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp me
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp dar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp el
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp viaje

Variable_PyCpp Empezamo
validChar '
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp lento
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp despu
validChar Ã
validChar ©
Variable_PyCpp s
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp salvaje

Variable_PyCpp Pasito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pasito
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suave
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suavecito

Variable_PyCpp Nos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp vamos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pegando
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito

Variable_PyCpp Cuando
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp t
validChar Ã
validChar º
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp me
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp besas
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp con
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp esa
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp destreza

Variable_PyCpp Veo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp eres
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp malicia
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp con
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp delicadeza

Variable_PyCpp Pasito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pasito
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suave
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suavecito

Variable_PyCpp Nos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp vamos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pegando
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Y
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp es
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp esa
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp belleza
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp es
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp un
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp rompecabezas
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp no
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Pero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pa
validChar '
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp montarlo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp aqu
validChar Ã
validChar ­
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tengo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp la
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pieza
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp slow
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp yeah
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Despacito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp yeh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp yo
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp respirar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cuello
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp despacito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp yo
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Deja
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp te
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp diga
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cosas
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp al
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp o
validChar Ã
validChar ­
Variable_PyCpp do
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp yo
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Para
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp te
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp acuerdes
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp si
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp no
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp est
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp s
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp conmigo

Variable_PyCpp Despacito

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp desnudarte
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp besos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp despacito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp yeh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Firmar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp las
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp paredes
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp laberinto

Variable_PyCpp Y
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp hacer
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp cuerpo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp todo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp un
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp manuscrito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp sube
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sube
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sube
Closed_Parentheses )

Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp Sube
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sube
Closed_Parentheses )
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp Oh

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ver
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp bailar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pelo

Variable_PyCpp Quiero
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ser
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ritmo
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp le
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ense
validChar Ã
validChar ±
Variable_PyCpp es
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp mi
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp boca
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp lugares
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp baby
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp D
validChar Ã
validChar ©
Variable_PyCpp jame
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sobrepasar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp zonas
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp de
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp peligro
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Hasta
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp provocar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp gritos
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Y
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp olvides
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp apellido

Variable_PyCpp Despacito

Variable_PyCpp Vamo
validChar '
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp hacerlo
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp en
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp una
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp playa
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp en
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp Puerto
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp Rico

Variable_PyCpp Hasta
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp las
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp olas
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp griten
validChar  
validChar "
Variable_PyCpp Ay
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp bendito
validChar "

Variable_PyCpp Para
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp mi
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp sello
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp se
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp quede
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp contigo
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp b
validChar Ã
validChar ¡
Variable_PyCpp ilalo
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Pasito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pasito
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suave
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suavecito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp hey
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp yeah
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp yeah
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Nos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp vamos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pegando
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp no
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp le
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp ense
validChar Ã
validChar ±
Variable_PyCpp es
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp mi
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp boca
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp uh
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp lugares
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp favoritos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp baby
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Pasito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pasito
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suave
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp suavecito

Variable_PyCpp Nos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp vamos
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp pegando
validChar ,
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp poquito

Variable_PyCpp Hasta
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp provocar
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tus
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp gritos
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp eh
Minus -
Variable_PyCpp oh
Closed_Parentheses )
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp Fonsi
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Y
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp que
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp olvides
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp tu
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp apellido
validChar  
Open_Parentheses (
Variable_PyCpp DY
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_PyCpp Despacito

Integer 12321
validChar  
Integer 141

bool_Py True
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp C
Assignation_PyCpp =
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp a
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp b
validChar  
Variable_PyCpp c
validChar  

Variable_PyCpp Hola
Open_Parentheses (
Closed_Parentheses )

Variable_Cj _ll_2312ja

bool_Py True
validChar ,
validChar  
bool_Py False
validChar ,
validChar  
bool_CppCj true
validChar ,
validChar  
bool_CppCj false

Plus +
Minus -
Multiplicacion *
Division /
Less_Equal_Than <=
More_Equal_Than >=
Assignation_PyCpp =
validChar  
More_Than >
validChar  
Equal_To_PyCpp ==

double/float 1.12e-2213
